listen this movie's so stupid but also
really cute which considering the
concept is of christmas i i guess that's
the point
it's one of those rom-coms that has a
lot of six out of ten jokes but every
once in a while
decent seven sneaks in there and while
director paul feig calls it a uh
dramatic romantic comedy he forgot to
warn us that he was gonna go
full shyamalan with this thing let
me explain so if i'm being honest i am a
sucker for dramatic rom-coms
i never shut up about a walk to remember
and honestly they make for some of the
best lms to edit
and considering the ending to this one
oh boy
obviously the music is very much
inspired by george michael who was still
alive when the script was being written
and he gave the script his blessing
especially because of the homelessness
topic
that hit close to him and when i say
that they got the blessing
yo the estate practically gave him a
christmas gift they
were allowed to use any of his music and
were even given an
unreleased track to play at the end of
the movie and then sadly george michael
passed away in 2016
on christmas day of all days david
livingston who's one of the producers
said do you want to write a film based
on last christmas and i said not really
and then i talked to my husband who's
very good on store and he said maybe
there's an
interesting way of coming at this in a
different perspective and then interest
you know because it's quite a
straightforward song last christmas
and i listened to it and i thought last
christmas gave me your heart and the
very next
day you gave it away what can i do with
that i can't think of a story
see the script is written by emma
thompson and her husband as they begin
the story in the 90s in yugoslavia
tying it into present-day london as they
address brexit they also address a side
storyline involving the sister who's
hiding a lesbian relationship from her
parents and both are handled with as
much depth as emilia's last show
best season ever that said i don't
expect to hold a rom-com up to drama
standards unless
that's what they wanted but i still
think it delivers the feel-good fact
that it's meant to
especially with michelle yo santa we
follow kade who's still struggling with
life
for lack of a better term she's pretty
much a
like you know those videos where
somebody works really hard on a project
origami house of cards and then someone
just comes in and screws it up
that seems to be kate daly she lets down
her boss who's always giving kate second
chances since this woman was born with a
holiday spirit
she's always ignoring her family unless
she needs them but then one day she runs
into
this crazy rich asian again i'm pretty
sure the spoiler warning was obvious
with the title because i get some of you
who
get very surprised with spoilers but let
me tell you it's not as obvious as the
fact
that tom was never really there right
off the bat
dude's jumping around people or else
he'll walk right through them i guess so
you could tell that
he's definitely not supposed to be there
we can see kate's breath in the cold but
not his like it's footprints in the sand
homies always wearing the same clothes
but what really did it for me at the
beginning was seeing this
gentleman not help her with her luggage
come on dude he even had her walk right
into trash while she was following the
ghost
that said i wouldn't have had a problem
with the old icy dead people
because i don't really mind the concept
of the twist it's the execution that was
so goofy bro you know what twist is bad
when the rules are just
all over the place like i said dude
didn't help her with her luggage because
i'm assuming he was supposed to be a
ghost but then later on he does grab
things
like later he is actually helping her
sneak into an ice rink
and teaches her how to skate but if he
wasn't there
was it jesus holding her up dude there's
a moment when a bus driver honks for her
to hurry up because clearly she's just
standing on the corner by herself to him
yet she hops on the bus and he still
lets her finish her conversation
with herself there's a lot of that that
happens in this movie that just
contradicts its own twist but you could
tell they just wanted to keep the twist
like they were that stubborn
but even then i still found it to be a
cute movie i like henry golding's charm
emilia clarke is way too cute but then
they hit you with the bench
fantastic fantastic oh uh sorry
no no it was [ __ ] the other twist in
this movie
isn't just that he's not there but that
she um had a heart transplant as we find
out with 30 minutes left in the movie
and guess who gave it to her john's not
it's tom
and he's actually been dead since last
christmas and it took him an entire year
before he randomly pops up in her life
and becomes her
boo again forget the ghost rules that
flip-flop in order for them to keep
their twist
forget the fact that she was making out
with a ghost who then ghosts her
how the hell did she not realize that
she was sitting on a bench
dedicated in his name throughout the
entire movie
baby i might have been born on christmas
but it wasn't last christmas
fool me once shame on
shame on you
it fool me we can't get fooled again
thank you guys for watching this video
and i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
uh if you want something like this done
right probably older i haven't seen it
in a while but yo
the moment it clicked what was going on
searching for david's heart go watch
that one i don't know maybe it's on
disney plus but
man this is one of those those movies
that it's cute
boy is it one of the stupidest endings
i've seen just for the sake of a twist
my goodness
i have a-list i have amca list i still
find a way to get my money back for that
damn ending there's an aspect of this
movie where they like keep bringing up
that she has an illness
and i know some people have tried to use
it as an excuse for like the twist to go
you are not using mental illness as an
excuse for a twist here that doesn't
even make sense on its own
i don't know what's going on uh but i'm
curious to know your thoughts again
i was so looking forward to this movie i
had heard something about the ending and
the twist and i was like it can't be
that bad
watch the movie yourself if you don't
believe me some of y'all don't believe
me go watch the movie yourself and then
you let me know but if you liked it hey
that's okay i'm curious to know your
thoughts
uh let me know what you thought about
this dramatic romantic comedy
and until next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and you'll
get your own bench